Nom du pdf : Lin 2004 Rouge
Titre :  Rouge
Resumé : ROUGE stands for Recall-Oriented Understudy forGisting Evaluation. It includes measures to automatically determine the quality of a summary bycomparing it to other (ideal) summaries created byhumans. The measures count the number of overlapping units such as n-gram, word sequences, andword pairs between the computer-generated summary to be evaluated and the ideal summaries created by humans. This paper introduces four differentROUGE measures: ROUGE-N, ROUGE-L, ROUGE-W,and ROUGE-S included in the ROUGE summarization evaluation package and their evaluatio ns. Threeof them have been used in the Document Understanding Conference (DUC) 2004, a large-scalesummarization evaluation sponsored by NIST.
Auteur : : a package for automatic evaluation of summaries
chin-yew lin
information sciences institute
university of southern california
4676 admiralty way
marina del rey, ca 90292
cyl@isi.edu

Biblio : 
So far, we only demonstrated how to compute
ROUGE-N using a single reference. When multiple
references are used, we compute pairwise summarylevel ROUGE-N between a candidate summary s and
every reference, ri , in the reference set. We then
take the maximum of pairwise summary-level
ROUGE-N scores as the final multiple reference
ROUGE-N score. This can be written as follows:
ROUGE-Nmulti = argmaxi ROUGE-N(ri ,s)
This procedure is also applied to computation of
ROUGE-L (Section 3), ROUGE-W (Section 4) , and
ROUGE-S (Section 5). In the implementation, we use
a Jackknifing procedure. Given M references, we
compute the best score over M sets of M-1 references. The final ROUGE-N score is the average of
the M ROUGE-N scores using different M-1 references. The Jackknifing procedure is adopted since
we often need to compare system and human performance and the reference summaries are usually
the only human summaries available. Using this
procedure, we are able to estimate average human
performance by averaging M ROUGE-N scores of
one reference vs. the rest M-1 references. Although
the Jackknif ing procedure is not necessary when we
just want to compute ROUGE scores using multiple
references, it is applied in all ROUGE score computations in the ROUGE evaluation package.
In the next section, we describe a ROUGE measure
based on longest common subsequences between
two summaries.
3